py3k (#6)
galaxyproject/ansible-pulsar: README.md

[venv]: http://virtualenv.readthedocs.org/
[pip]: http://pip.readthedocs.org/

Breaking Changes
----------------

> As of 1.0.0, installation with git+pip, and from source, are no longer supported.

Reviewer: > installation with git+pip ... no longer supported

I still need this. But I think it should be trivial to support if the argument to the `pip` module's `name` and `version` options are parameterized?

Author: Pushed bfd8883f9ff953bc231824431ac66b1d9cd7baf4 which should help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of 1.0.0, installation directly from source using `git clone` is no longer supported. However, `pulsar_package_name` and `pulsar_package_version` can be used to install using pip's `git+https` method.
```
